oh my gosh thank you for clicking this
video
i was just about to spout tech news into
the ether
this is much better reviews have been
published for google's stadia game
streaming service ahead of its launch
tomorrow and
well the excitement has been dampened
somewhat we already knew that it's going
to be missing a bunch of its supposedly
killer features like stream connect
state share and crowd play and the
launch lineup was looking pretty meager
at a mere dozen or so games but after
microsoft boasted last week that xcloud
would have over 50 games when it
launches next year it seems like google
scrambled to pop some more in there real
quick
10 more games have been added in time
for launch including final fantasy xv
football manager 2020 nba 2k 2020 20 20
2020 and wolfenstein youngblood but how
do they play the experience seems to
wildly differ depending on whether
you're playing on a tv a pc or a phone
the washington post published a video
demonstrating the variable input lag
they got on pc and it was
horrifying so we'll have to see if
stadia founders can get in a few good
months of acceptable gameplay before
google shuffles stadia into the same
shallow grave as allo google plus and
the others
i'm just kidding i'm excited to play it
although we aren't supposed to get our
pack for a couple weeks
instagram has long offered a private
mode to protect your photos from prying
eyes but the social media giant has
recently become aware of a widely used
app that can allow unauthorized users to
view these private feeds it's called
ghosty and not only has it caught fire
for enabling voyeuristic behavior but it
also asks users to invite others to
download the app and also connects with
the user's own instagram account so
whoever decides to use the app is also
sacrificing their own privacy
what goes around comes around am i right
isn't instagram for showing off anyway
it appears that the app has just been
pulled off the google play store and
instagram has already sent a cease and
desist warning but seeing as the app has
been around since april hopefully there
wasn't anything too damning on your ig
page because they've got it all food
shots basic girls wrapped in blankets
looking out at sunset everything it's
over buddy
no my kittens meanwhile here in canada a
federal court has ordered isps to block
an illegal streaming service the site
called gold tv finds itself in the wrong
end of the ruling after major canadian
internet providers have tried to get a
similar ruling handed down for quite
some time now with the industry also
asking the canadian government to
blacklist other unauthorized streaming
services the court decided that such an
order wouldn't harm free speech or net
neutrality interests though critics say
cases like these can be the first steps
on the path to government censorship and
getting around such a block with a vpn
would be a trivial matter anyway so then
the government said oh
dang oh that's true okay we'll leave it
up then
i didn't really understand that now it's
time for the quick bits brought to you
by brilliant the problem solving based
website and app with a hands-on approach
brilliant has over 60 interactive
courses in math science and computer
science and helps you achieve your goals
in stem but also helps puzzle you
surprise you and expand your
understanding of the modern world all of
brilliant's courses have storytelling
code writing interactive challenges and
problems to solve and now there's
interactive content that makes solving
puzzles and challenges even more fun a
recommendation check out mathematical
fundamentals is it possible to drag the
number tile so that every row and column
add up to the target some beside it
let me know head to brilliant.org
forward slash tekling to get 20 off
today
quick bits
can't live with them can't live
at all poor
perkaman perkerman sword and shield have
proven to be quite popular already with
reasonable people but a weird bug is
affecting roku devices of all things and
i'm not talking about beedrill i would
have said butterfree but when a switch
playing one of the new games is on the
same network as a roku the roku can end
up in a boot loop fortunately roku has
already patched the problem which is
caused by roku not realizing the pokemon
data isn't meant for it like it just got
hit with a
confused ray or something
although microsoft's surface pro 7 has
only been on the market for about a
month users are still waiting around for
a fix for intel's broken iris pro
graphics drivers although the fixes have
been out for a while they aren't yet
compatible with the newest surface pro
meaning owners have been using
three-month-old drivers for a while now
on a machine that isn't exactly cheap
man this is just like the time i bought
supermarket sushi that was already
expired it's not i don't see how it's
like that star wars jedi fallen order
has gotten good reviews so far but it's
selling at a far lower clip than ea's
tire fire from a couple years ago star
wars battlefront 2 which became
notorious for a loot box controversy
that ultimately resulted in the most
downvoted reddit comment in history it
seems like the lower sales numbers were
partly due to some lingering bad
feelings towards ea for that particular
failure and the gaming community tends
to be even less forgiving of failure
than vader was with those admirals he
force choked they weren't all admirals
let's be serious
there was a lieutenant in there
you know about star wars
moving on not a star wars fan maybe
you're a mass effect one if you are
you'll be excited to know that the next
installment in the series is in the
early stages of development after the
series was put on hold in 2017 according
to a report from kotaku however given
the amount of time it takes to develop a
triple a title don't expect to see it
for another few years plenty of time for
you to blow more money on upgrading your
rig so it'll be ready
it's not really a joke that's just true
and ford has unveiled a new electric
crossover suv
with mustang branding of all things it's
called the mustang mach e and it
resembles the original mustang coupe
about as much as i resemble liza
minnelli which has unsurprisingly
ruffled the feathers of a few long time
mustang enthusiasts
but regardless of anyone's feelings
it'll be available late next year with
prices starting around 44 000 us dollars
i really think they could have named it
after an animal that resembles a bulbous
crossover a little more like the ford
hippo maybe next time
that's true that's our show guys come
back on wednesday what day is it today
monday
come back on wednesday for more tech
news where we'll have even more
references to african mammals
see you later